#summary Documentation for the midi.h file

= midi.h =



== Functions ==

int MIDI_STATUS_NOTE_OFF()
  *Channel Voice Messages (Status has 4 bits & is followed by a 4 bit channel number.)*
int MIDI_STATUS_NOTE_ON()
  *Note On event.*
int MIDI_STATUS_POLYPHONIC_KEY_PRESSURE()
  *Polyphonic Key Pressure (Aftertouch).*
int MIDI_STATUS_CONTROL_CHANGE()
  *Control Change.*
int MIDI_STATUS_PROGRAM_CHANGE()
  *Program Change.*
int MIDI_STATUS_CHANNEL_PRESSURE()
  *Channel Pressure (After-touch).*
int MIDI_STATUS_PITCH_WHEEL_CHANGE()
  *Pitch Wheel Change.*

== Detailed Description ==




== Function Documentation ==

{{{
#int MIDI_STATUS_NOTE_OFF   (
  )
}}}
  Channel Voice Messages (Status has 4 bits & is followed by a 4 bit channel number.)
  Note Off event. This message is sent when a note is released (ended).

*Returns*:
  And a return value!

{{{
#int MIDI_STATUS_NOTE_ON   (
  )
}}}
  Note On event.
  This message is sent when a note is depressed (start).

*Returns*:
  And a return value!

{{{
#int MIDI_STATUS_POLYPHONIC_KEY_PRESSURE   (
  )
}}}
  Polyphonic Key Pressure (Aftertouch).
  This message is most often sent by pressing down on the key after it "bottoms out".

*Returns*:
  And a return value!

{{{
#int MIDI_STATUS_CONTROL_CHANGE   (
  )
}}}
  Control Change.
  This message is sent when a controller value changes. Controllers include devices such as pedals and levers.

*Returns*:
  And a return value!

{{{
#int MIDI_STATUS_PROGRAM_CHANGE   (
  )
}}}
  Program Change.
  This message sent when the patch number changes.

*Returns*:
  And a return value!

{{{
#int MIDI_STATUS_CHANNEL_PRESSURE   (
  )
}}}
  Channel Pressure (After-touch).
  This message is most often sent by pressing down on the key after it "bottoms out". This message is different from polyphonic after-touch. Use this message to send the single greatest pressure value (of all the current depressed keys).

*Returns*:
  And a return value!

{{{
#int MIDI_STATUS_PITCH_WHEEL_CHANGE   (
  )
}}}
  Pitch Wheel Change.
  

*Returns*:
  And a return value!

---
|| [MIDIKit_docs Main Page] || [MIDIKit_docs_files Files] ||
